 Yo people, Pen Game Season 4. Make some noise everyone.
 Alright then.
 Welcome back to Pen Game Rap Battles. Make some noise people.
 Yeah man, the vibe in there is nice. We're warming up. If you haven't, make sure you check out the previous battles. We've been dropping them from week to week, yeah. All your favourite artists are on there. Alright then.
 And we've got the announcement. The road to Wembley. The Pen Game Tournament is back. Bigger, badder than ever. 21st of January. Croydon Box Park. Make sure you get your tickets. Links in the bio below. It's totally free. Just pull up.
 Winner gets five bags.
 Alright then. I can tell who's in the tournament and who ain't.
 But again, alright look, shats out to our sponsors Rudeboy. Got everybody waved up. Back to getting into another dope battle. Everybody ready yeah?
 Alright cool. The next battle we've got in our hands is certain man like Ren DMC and certain star cat like Renea. Make some noise people.
 Oh yous are ready yeah? Who's calling? Come on.
 Nice tells man. Ren what you want to do? Ladies first, ladies first. Can we turn me up? Alright. Ladies first, Renea it's on you.
 I don't want to hear about you on the fuck. Why? Cause these man ain't sexy. Keep it fucked. I've had enough. Not one of these hungry guys can sex me.
 Hold on wait. I've been telling these guys to respect my name. So they gave me this guy cause we got the same name. It's Ren B Ren but you ain't like me.
 You can battle rappers since old 15. Watch them get deader than 23. Why did they give me this fucking knee? Boy scams. Where's that fucking tea? If that was me catching a case.
 A man violated your daughters face. I should slap you for your daughters sake. Don't you know hoes are born that way. It's men like you that bitches get with. Now their kids got daddy issues. Another hoe goes on the streets.
 Watch that cycle just continue. Who the fuck is your baby mum? This was your man. Are you having a laugh? Don't piss me off. Who the fuck looked at this guy and got turned on? He's a pussy and ends corner top cat.
 You don't talk man. He knows he's not that from. I get mad you know it's a wrap. I'm leaving man.
 You look like one of them guys that drink Stella. Bet your girl calls you a fella. Brother this was a set up. I'm a dismembered prick like Jenna. DMC didn't make the cut. On my life I can't make this up. This guy's a 9 to 5 joke man. Filled road man. Filled bad since baby mum.
 Alright. Alright.
 Alright run me. Alright, alright. Alright. Alright concentrate, focus, quiet. Alright let it work people. Alright Ren it's been a minute man. Let's go. Let's go. Are you ready yeah? Yeah. DJ run it.
 Yo she's Leng. Yo she's Peng. Have you got some friends for me?
 Yo listen I'm clashing a girl. This is gonna end bad for me. She's gonna expose my clout. Now I'm going out like Anthony. I guess I am losing too. Call my mum's name Susan too. Bitch I'm joking you're getting smoked like frizz up in season 2.
 Do you have a mando? I ain't tryna be mean and rude. But your hair tryna impress men. Must mean you ain't got one pleasing you. They call me Ren MC. And I could put a D in you. Come fuck with a real one. I'll make you cum on the floor and the ceiling too.
 I was coming down with a big bad flu. But shit could have been way worse. Like imagine if I ever had a kid by you. And if I had a kid by you. I would not only deny that kid. I would straight walk up by that kid.
 Lift my foot up and sky that kid. About who is Orion. Bitch who is your baby dad. Cause she's taking it out on me.
 Yo. Hey quiet, quiet. Is it D? I'm clashing a girl. This is gonna end bad for me. She's gonna expose my clout. Now I'm going out like Anthony. I guess I am losing too.
 Cause my mom's name's Susan too. Bitch I am joking. You're getting smoked like frizz up in season 2. Do you have a mando? I ain't tryna be mean and rude. But your hair tryna impress men. Must mean you ain't got one pleasing you. They call me Ren MC. Look I could put a D in you. Come fuck with a real one. I'll make you cum on the floor and the ceiling too.
 I was coming down with a big bad flu. But shit could have been way worse. Like imagine if I ever had a kid by you. And if I had a kid by you. I would not only deny that kid. I would straight walk up by that kid. Lift my foot up and sky that kid.
 About who is Orion. Bitch who is your baby dad. Cause you're taking it out on me when he is the reason this lady's mad. About one minute rounds. Fuck that. I got three long rounds and they're not raps. So what can I holly on WhatsApp.
 She ain't giving me her number. Oi it's cool. I'll just get off the toilet wall. Speaking of toilet. She used to give line ups to all the bad boys in school. You ain't gonna have my dick suck. Then shut your lip for the lips up. And she fucked. She told me not to mention that I almost slipped up.
 Okay. It's alright. That's just round one man. That's just round one you lot man. Relax man. Calm down. Nothing ain't happened yet killies. Come on man. That's just round one.
 Hey make some noise if you're enjoying yourself people. Shout out to STR Elite Rentals. They're sponsoring this round. If you mention Pen Game you get 10% off. Links in the bio. Links in the bio. All that stuff. We've got a foul on our hands man. Round two. Rene it's on you man. Let's see it.
 He said his mum's name's Susan. Is it?
 Fuck. He likes to grow old as fuck. That's disrespect. That's the end of your rap career. Your rhymes are dead. I'm taking off heads. These guys will never be the same again. On a scale of one to ten. I ain't even on the same scale as them for fuck's sake. I bet this guy goes planting plantain. I'm fucking done. Why you got both your ears done? We know what that means where I come from. Wait. Probably shouldn't say. Fuck it. I'ma say it anyway. Huh. This guy looks shit. Look at him. He can't even keep a straight face. Why are you here? This was a mistake. Scams already put him in jail. Why are you here? This was a mistake. Scams already put him in jail.
 I'll fuck you in your plate.
 That was hard.
 Yeah.
 Alright.
 Yo, yo, yo.
 Round two. Rene it's on you.
 Yeah.
 That was hard. That type of flow is right for you. But what I really want to know is who the fuck did you fuck to write for you?
 I'm afraid Traxx is looking nice on you
 I might try wifing you
 Can you look like Alicia Keys?
 A Brixton version, steal and weave
 Tryna disband but secretly
 Can I go, can I go please?
 I ain't letting him go
 Please ish
 It's alright
 DJ, jacket
 Aye be quiet, aye let him work
 Let him work people, let him work
 Let him work, let him work
 I'm being serious though man
 Yo
 That hood rich is looking nice on you
 I might try wifing you
 Can you look like Alicia Keys?
 A Brixton version, steal and weave
 Tryna disband but secretly
 She know she really wanna be with me
 But you act like Jack from Top Boy
 Like why do you do that?
 Go run selling your food back
 And I see that you got new gums
 Still looking like a brand new tramp
 See how she's ironing me
 You little freak, go play with toys
 On Pen Game, your name is Renea
 But on the road, your name is Oye
 You give head to everyone
 Your rap name should have been Heady One
 When that man them boss on your grill you be like
 It's a bit of a sticky one still
 No
 Aye now Ren you're a demon
 Aye get up here, get up here
 Aye get up here
 Aye get up here
 Aye get up
 Get up and sing
 Get back up here
 Let's go, let's go, let's go man
 Disguise yourself
 Order, order in the court
 Order in the court
 Sorry, sorry, sorry
 They got a limbo
 It's not his foot, it's not his foot
 It's not his foot
 Aye, quiet, quiet, quiet
 Can I go please?
 Aye everybody, come and look
 That's his second re-roll, let him work
 Please, please, please
 Aye DJ, run it back
 Aye you lot, let him work
 Please
 Siren man
 Let him work
 Let him work
 Compose yourselves
 Alright
 Look, she looks like Alicia Keys
 A Brixton version of Steel and Weave
 Tryna diss man but secretly
 She know she really wanna leave with me
 But you act like Jack from Topway
 Like why does she do that?
 Go run Sully his food back
 And I see that she got new garms
 Still looking like a brand new tramp
 See how she's walking off
 You little freak, go play with toys
 On Pen Game, your name is Rene
 But on the road, your name is Oye
 You give head to everyone
 Your rap name should have been Heady One
 When a man them boss on your grill
 You be like
 It's a bit of a sticky one still
 Now her arse is back
 Aye Miles, quick question
 Did she boss it open or arch her back?
 Don't even answer that
 Card, we are all in the Christmas spirit
 Got me catching one ho-ho-ho
 So let me end her with a Christmas lyric
 I was in a yard singing Jingle Bells
 She was in a yard trying to jingle balls
 I was in a yard having Christmas dinner
 She was in a yard having Six Man Inner
 You had more man than Prinley
 What about your picnic?
 He still having nightmares
 But he saw Santa coming down in his mum's chimney
 She's a hoe, we all know
 She's always giving head
 Had her son 16 years old
 She can't close her legs
 Round two done, had some fun
 She's already dead
 But she can go and suck your mum
 Cause I said what?
 That's it man, time
 I'm not done yet
 She's getting tired
 Aye, everybody calm down
 Everybody calm down
 Shouts out to our sponsors Rudeboy
 And SCI Elite Rentals
 What's that?
 Yo
 What up?
 That's a sticky one still
 Alright look, third and final round man
 Let's get into this man
 Rene, it's on you man
 Make sure you can hear me please
 You ain't got flows
 Who is this guy?
 Nobody knows
 This here was a bad idea
 I can tell by your career
 You get loads of those
 And you're broke
 You ain't got money
 You're the definition of mommy
 You know what's funny?
 Not you
 Don't care if I'm rude
 I don't like this you
 Whole cube
 Your dad don't like him either
 Ask Teresa
 He's the retard
 Why you got your face on all your mean stuff?
 That's giving attention
 See car you act more like a bitch than me
 That's why I can't have no sympathy
 May the good Lord strike me down
 If my son ever ends up like him
 I can't, I knew it
 Coming again
 I came to show these pricks how to rap
 I had two bars left and that's that
 Bars
 Alright, third and final round man
 Rene, it's on you man
 Yeah, yeah
 Rene
 Liv's there
 Rene's man
 Cussy head here at two stop
 Mom stays burning there
 That rhymes with dirty skip
 It's alright
 It's alright
 It's alright
 It's alright
 We're not gonna do it
 It's alright
 No, we're not gonna do it
 Alright come on man
 Let him get his round off man
 Let's go
 Let's go
 Let's go
 Yo
 Rene
 Liv's there
 Fucked her friends man
 Cussy said he had good cock
 Mom's name's Bernadette
 That rhymes with dirty skip
 Alright cool
 Someone here got in trouble for leaking nudes
 Man I'm just speaking truth
 Swear my lungs dropped
 When I saw that mug shot
 Okay
 Yo
 Final round
 End of the road
 What did we learn?
 She's a skit and a ho
 Just cause you go around giving out blowjobs
 That don't mean that you're destined to blow
 But she's oh so pretty
 Why does she have to be an OG Nicky?
 Now man I'm gonna get him mad
 Fuck this now, I'm battling her dad
 Ay Richard
 Rene's father
 This is your baby right?
 Stop telling her to rap against men like this
 Cause this isn't ladylike
 Stood here looking like a tarp
 Roll the dice
 Stood here looking like a tarp
 I know it's a crazy sight
 But if you never left
 Maybe you could've raised her right
 Alright
 Let me keep spitting on
 Benefits that your daughter is living on
 So what does she do?
 She's taking a flight to Dubai getting shitted on
 Letting some next man tap her
 In the clip getting daggered
 These female aggressive rappers
 At most you're a sexy slapper
 Ay
 Man them on some G shit
 Put a hand in her ear if you'll beat it
 Do you see this?
 You make me sick
 I am the MVP
 She's falling in love
 When the sketch sees me
 Can't wait for the day
 That she lets me beat
 Same time I don't wanna catch an ST
 Fuck that
 Turn the beat off
 Cause she is your daughter
 But she's just another man
 That the gal didn't beat off
 I'm about to get peed off
 Cause she ain't even a smart jazzy
 That's why she end up in the room with them R. Kelly's
 Home town
 Darling you gotta go
 Darling it's home town
 Bro she's all trying to get past her
 I wish she'd the better
 It's past her
 Ay
 You're gonna have to pay for that
 If it's broken though
 Ay tell you
 Ay invoice me
 Invoice me
 Now if it's broke
 I want my money
 Invoice me
 Invoice me
 I'm not playing
 I ain't playing
 I don't know why I'm acting
 I'm joking
 Ay yo
 Ay yo
 Ay the energy in there
 Is too mad
 Bruv
 Bruv
 Ay everyone
 Look
 Ay make something nice for Rendy
 And Steven Brunel
 Yo
 Huh
 I don't know
 This is not
 This is not
 Alright
 Yous all gotta see that in the comments or something like that
 Alright listen
 Nah
 Comment below
 Let me know who you think won
 Yeah
 Alright listen
 The tournament
 21st of January
 Croydon Boxpark
 Get your tickets below
 Totally free
 Yeah
 Group A
 The group stage is the tournament
 Five bags is the winners
 Roll to Wembley
 Yo Ace
 Shats out
 Rude boy
 That's it man
 I'm done man
 Morpheus
