 Yo people, Pen Game Season 4. Make some noise everyone.
 Alright then.
 Welcome back to Pen Game Rap Battles. Make some noise people.
 As always, the vibe's been dope in there. Make sure you check out the previous battles.
 Get involved in the comments, let me know who you think won, who you think got smoked.
 Hit these men up on the socials, let them know they're meaty. All of that good stuff.
 Yeah nah man, you know what we do, we just bring bare dope battles for your head top.
 But before we get into that, like I said, I've been saying it every week, I don't know if you've been listening.
 We've got a tournament, the tournament's back. We're gonna be in front of a live crowd, Croydon Box Park, 21st of January.
 Make sure you get your tickets below. It's totally free. All you gotta do is sign up. It's gonna be a mad thing.
 Yeah nah, big bread involved. Winner's gonna get five bags. You get me? So we know what it is.
 What do you say? You don't know who you're gonna, who's gonna win?
 Alright.
 I don't know who's gonna win, but I know it's gonna be dope.
 Nah, before I get into this, shout out to our sponsors, Rude Boy.
 Yous all ready for this battle, yeah?
 Alright then, so look, final battle of the night. I want the energy to be up. I want it to be nice. I want it to rap.
 Make some noise for Cheese and Smiles, man.
 Alright, I've seen both of these men perform before. So yeah, I know we're in for a treat.
 Who's called in, man?
 Heads.
 Alright, it's Tails, man. What do you wanna do, Cheese?
 Alright, Smiles, you're first, man. It's on you.
 Yo, yo, yo, yo, yo.
 Alright, DJ, make sure the volumes is volumin, you know?
 Yeah, round one, man. It's on Smiles.
 Yo.
 Look, this one's hard, you know.
 When I dub, he cheats. Next minute, I saw hella rats coming out to feast.
 Trying to put a charge on me. I'll hit your chest and neck and head and leg and your vital arteries.
 Left that scene with bloody shoes like Cardi B.
 Your stance resembles your name, cause you're stinking.
 Lift up your loafs and wipe it clean. Why, when you walk it, Air Max squeak.
 If I hear a man scream out, like, again, in his bars, I'll rip out his teeth, leave Cheese deceased.
 There ain't no peace with me. It's destined for me to be your defeat.
 You're battling with who was right and who was weak.
 Stealing bars from Izzy Gibbs, what a fucking neek.
 You should get hit by a boss in the street for the type of behaviour you preach.
 You deserve to be banned from riding a beat.
 I don't wanna upset your kid. Your daddy hair is a fucking jeep.
 If it ever be left in grief, I'll make sure you get no sleep.
 From Monday to Sunday, your family will weep its peak.
 Cheese ain't getting no peace and that's time for me.
 Time.
 Come on.
 Alright.
 Come on.
 Alright, turn the beat up, please.
 Alright, round one, Cheese, it's on you, man.
 That was fire, man.
 Alright, let it work. Quiet, quiet.
 Know my name.
 Know it already.
 Watch me, I'm alive, all like Messi.
 Old Ryan still talking shit but he didn't leave that clash with the belly.
 The only thing he got was a free track suit and for that he's still out to beg it.
 No, bro, dead it. This guy here ain't even important.
 Which MC should I draw out next? I tell the truth, I don't need to force it.
 Smiles, tell me why you wanna talk on me.
 I ain't got a belly, that's all on me.
 But I ain't got a wife and I ain't got a yard then.
 I ain't got a car, that's all on me.
 You ain't got nothing, that's all on you.
 Listen up here for the awkward truth, cause smiles ain't really on none.
 Bro, are you dumb? Pass me the mic, we could have a rerun.
 Can you talk about straps? Bet you've never seen one.
 Talk about Gs, bet you've never been, bro.
 So, bro, Ski, can you keep up?
 Huh?
 F them, bro, we're urgent, not nervous.
 Come clash me right now and start swerving.
 If I send shots then I did it on barbers.
 Guys, risk is still about you.
 I ain't control, I'll grip the wheel.
 Big Gs, no, I don't fit the bill.
 But I slap your face and make you sit and chill, you potty.
 Come on.
 Come on, we're outside.
 Alright, alright.
 Alright, alright, alright.
 I like that round one.
 I like the energy in there.
 I like it.
 Alright, we're going to let them work, man.
 Alright, we're going to let them work.
 Come on, man.
 Alright, shouts out to Star Elite, STR Elite, Rentals.
 Remember, if you mention pen game, you get 10% off.
 Details are in the bio.
 Alright, round two.
 You man ready to go, yeah?
 Let's go, let's go.
 Alright, smiles, it's on you.
 Run that shit, man.
 Yo.
 Guys, be quiet.
 D, T, G.
 Be quiet, guys.
 Yo.
 Yo, brother, just cool.
 You ain't really on no smoking.
 You ain't going to rise, no tool.
 I think you're a fool.
 And all your niggas and chauvin don't rate you with ooh.
 I heard you work at the bookies.
 Well, I'll place a bet.
 In 60 seconds, you'll be dead.
 Bars like Vine, I'll vine him up with lead.
 Then I'll leave Ashley stressed.
 That's your wife in it.
 She looks dead, bin it.
 If I'm going to whip him slow and I'll see you, I'll spin it.
 Jump up quick and bill him.
 Sorry to wreck your image.
 But Justin's going to feel corned today.
 Man, I swear you're finished.
 You're not bad, you're timid.
 Flatline that time, kill him.
 Cheese, you ain't never been a bad guy.
 Wet man's head like he's baptized.
 I'll pinch out where you never was around you.
 Word on your ends, you're not that guy.
 Uncle Brenner and nine eyes.
 Don't confirm that your smoke is irrelevant.
 You ain't got highlights.
 He ain't put his ends on the map.
 But he talks like he has.
 And I think that's crazy in my eyes.
 What?
 My man scared the dogs.
 If I bring my ex, I'll bully around his pussy.
 He's jutting off.
 I know where you reside.
 He's inside.
 He's inside.
 All right, be quiet.
 Be quiet.
 Be quiet.
 Let him go.
 All right, Yuzo, be quiet.
 Be quiet.
 Let him work.
 Come on, man.
 All right, let's go.
 Yo brother just cool, you ain't really on no smoking, you ain't gonna rise no too, I
 think you're a fool, and all your niggas and chow-vee don't rate you at all, I heard you
 work at a bookies, well I'll place a bet in 60 seconds you'll be dead, bars like Vine
 I'll bind him up with lead, then I'll leave Ashley stressed, that's your wife in it,
 she looks dead, bin it, if I'm in a whipping slough and I see you I'll spin it, jump
 up quick and bill it, sorry to wet your image, but Justin's gonna feel corned today, man
 I swear you're finished, you're not bad, you're timid, black line that time, kill him, jeez
 you ain't ever been a bad guy, wet man's head like he's baptized, up in chow-vee
 you never was around you, where did it end, you're not that guy, I'll call Brenner
 and nine-eyes, don't confirm that your smoke is irrelevant, you ain't got highlights,
 he ain't put his ends on the map but he talks like he has, and they think that's
 crazy in my eyes, what, my man's scared of dogs, if I bring my ex out bully around
 his pussy he's jetting off, I know where you reside and I know where you went to
 school, slow and eat in school, you was a joke man and he's still a joke man, you're
 not getting off easy, I've ruled, I've got bad manners for you, you're lucky this
 ain't personal, but I had to hide your family, I would have pulled up and hurt
 them all, and if it's smoke I'm hurt, it's fool, mercy fool, now it's Tony
 says I'ma burn them all, I'ma cut beer man down to a size, my approach is surgical
 it's time, c'mon, load it
 aight, aight c'mon man, calm it, aight let them work, yous all calm down, round two
 c'mon let's go, aight cheese it's on you, aight quiet boys man, aight yous all getting
 excited now, bring it down let them work, smiley face, you ain't on shit now you're
 kinda fake, I'ma spin you like a microwave because I've got some things
 that I'd like to say, these ain't the games that you'd like to play, I'm cheese
 not one of your five a day, it's cringe, yo, how you rap like R.A. in this
 kinda bait, man said he don't do direct punch like but he's got flows
 that's alright sunshine, you beat me, it's like he's rolling with a knife
 to a gunfight, I don't care about smiles, he got violated then smarred,
 cause I heard that man just fucked your momma, you spotted them and then smarred
 so I go on bro, no smiles, come on man said his name is smiles, but I'll turn that
 smile straight upside down if you think that you're fucking with me now
 man's called smiles cause he's knifed by a clown, thought you were loud but I
 must have been a drow, couldn't chat, yeah you've been running out your
 mouth, couldn't give a damn if your brother's been about, I'm about, I'm
 about, I'm a problem, damn boy daddy can't stop this, looks like smiles
 he's running out of options, you've asked me, bro that's nonsense, I don't
 wanna hear no talk about, watch this, I don't wanna hear no talk about smoke
 bro you're a joker that just can't cope, I don't wanna hear no talk about
 I don't wanna hear no talk about
 come on
 now I hear it man, it's on a grind flow, it's on a grind flow
 you gotta know what I'll go on
 alright look man, it's round three man, it's the third and final
 shouts out Rudeboy, shouts out STI Elite Rentals
 we're back to getting to this one
 alright this is the last one man, I feel like this is make or break for both of you man
 let's go
 yes, someone's gotta deliver
 smiles ready yeah
 come on, come on, always
 aye run that shit man, let's go man
 let's get out of here
 triple X
 hey y'all, bling on
 yo, yo
 where the fuck were you at that point?
 I already smoked a few man, I was cheese them sen' on
 you're the death, where the fuck were you said?
 I'll turn this whole place red, cheese string how I peel man's head
 you'll get left next to F, Storm, Dan, Retrelli, who's next?
 I don't see a threat here yet
 I ain't gonna bore you to death and tell you a story like he was Orion
 bro your marrow is flying
 you ever see cheese in the air?
 watch this fat shit fly when I light him
 skin turn red like E, damn cheese
 he won't be leaking cheese, he'll bleed
 kill him with ease, I'll run up in your yard like an evening thief
 I'll burn up your face in a breathful
 watch his skin all bubble up
 and watch his cheek get stuck to the metal
 human cheese smells dreadful
 and if you don't know what I mean, just clock I'm cooking cheese
 you might smell man through your screen
 it's a gruesome scene and the last time he'll be seen
 my time for killing ain't clean
 beat half your teeth and tongue
 but touch me career I got done
 put cheese in a gong
 it's not long
 fuck the chip
 fuck the Rizzo
 boss man I'm off
 the preparation for smoke's not long
 Ashley come and collect your man before he's dead
 I'll probably be in runs
 then he's gone
 that's what I'm on
 I ain't even battled F and Storm just yet
 but I know that I've won
 and that's time for me I'm done
 smoky settings for cheese's lungs
 aye
 time
 that was close
 let him work
 let him work
 let him work
 let him
 aye what we saying
 let him work
 aye everyone be quiet
 aye now wait wait wait wait
 you know Rizzo you gotta be quiet you gotta give cheese a chance to work man
 third and final Killy man
 alright running now let's go man
 yo
 you don't back no beef so don't tell me about straps and heat
 I don't care if your name is smiles man you won't be smiling when you have no teeth
 you're gonna lose bro that's so peak
 liar
 no you don't stack no peas
 fire
 anytime I rap or squeeze I'll burn a boy there's no afro beats
 god this one here is a warm up
 aye aye jacket
 Rizzo calm down in there you know
 aye now Rizzo calm down in there you know
 come let's go
 if man stop it if man stop it what do you want me to do
 if man stop it what do you want me to do
 Rizzo quiet quiet quiet
 aye let's go
 aye
 come on man Rizzo stop stop it man from rapping
 alright we're gonna start again
 I remember this is the third and final round you know we're gonna start again we're gonna let him get his verse out
 Rizzo stop it from rapping man
 aye cheese let's go man let's run it again
 alright let's go
 yo
 look
 you don't back no beef so don't tell me about straps and heat
 I don't care if your name is smiles man you won't be smiling when you have no teeth
 you're gonna lose bro that's so peak
 fire
 rap or squeeze fire
 anytime I rap or squeeze I'll burn away there's no afro beats cause this one here is a warm up
 I said shock your mum for her straw blood
 I don't care about you or your water
 because me against you that's torture
 I know his type he's a talker
 he try giving this bad boy aura
 but this one here is cutthroat
 it's like he just set the lamp to the slaughter
 you're a dickhead
 and if you thought you could win you was misled
 I don't care if you've got this locked
 me I'm here cause I've been dread
 you got a couple flows I ain't impressed
 I'm big cheese and I go in depth
 what you think you're a bad boy
 cause I've brought a couple of your wing man
 man fuck smiles
 thinks that he's sick
 I don't really know who he thinks that he is
 don't pay rent cause he lives with his chick
 and he ain't got dough to give to his kids
 he's a shit dad
 huh
 ask his baby mum this is big facts
 he's a pussy oh we don't live that soul
 don't ever think he's a wig man
 me I'm cheese one beggar might lift man
 look I might throw him in the truck like a bin man
 trust me smiles better watch what he says
 outside of this it's a different thing act
 yo
 applause
 give me another envelope man
 alright they're mocking me
 relax Killy
 yeah now that's rude man
 one of yous can't come to the tournament man
 now I got to decide didn't it
 I got to decide
 nah
 but you know what it is
 I'm going to make my decision now ain't it
 I don't need no five minutes I'll do it now
 ah that is tough man
 but I ain't going to lie
 me personally
 I'm picking smiles man smiles is going through to the tournament man
 I'm sorry
 applause
 aye nah but aye cheese I don't know why they done that
 I'm going to shout at you because
 we need to sort that out
 nah I don't know why they done that
 aye but make some noise for cheese and smiles
 applause
 you know I'll leave then let them make some noise
 that was a good battle I don't know why they done that to me
 but listen make some noise for our sponsors
 rude boy drinks
 SCI Elite rentals
 roll to Wembley
 tournament get your tickets below
 it's totally free you just got to sign up
 Box Park Croydon
 21st January we're all going to be in there
 aye that's it we're done
 make some noise man
